docs: update MIEB contributing guide for MTEB v2 AbsTask structure (#3787)
embeddings-benchmark/mteb: docs/mieb/readme.md

As an example, [`OpenCLIPWrapper`](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/models/model_implementations/openclip_models.py) is implemented with the required interface.
```python
class OpenCLIPWrapper:
    ...
```
See also [adding a model](../contributing/adding_a_model.md) for reference.

#### X Evaluator
With the model, [ZeroShotClassificationEvaluator](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/_evaluators/zeroshot_classification_evaluator.py) is implemented. This defines how the model is used to do zero-shot classification and get back results on desired metrics.
```python
class ZeroShotClassificationEvaluator(Evaluator):
    def __init__(
        self,
        dataset: Dataset,
        input_column_name: str,
        candidate_labels: list[str],
        task_metadata: TaskMetadata,
        hf_split: str,
        hf_subset: str,
        **kwargs,
    ) -> None:
        ...

    def __call__(self, model: Encoder, *, encode_kwargs: dict[str, Any] = {}):
        """Get embeddings and calculate scores."""
        ...
```

#### AbsTask X

> With the evaluator, [AbsTaskZeroShotClassification](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/abstasks/zeroshot_classification.py) is defined. In MTEB v2, the dataset is loaded via `self.load_data()` and stored in `self.dataset` with the structure `self.dataset[hf_subset][split]` where `hf_subset` is the language/subset (e.g., "eng") and `split` is "train"/"test"/"validation".

Author: ```suggestion
With the evaluator, [AbsTaskZeroShotClassification](https://embeddings-benchmark.github.io/mteb/api/task/#mteb.abstasks.zeroshot_classification.AbsTaskZeroShotClassification) is defined. In MTEB v2, the dataset is loaded via `self.load_data()` and stored in `self.dataset` with the structure `self.dataset[hf_subset][split]` where `hf_subset` is the language/subset (e.g., "eng") and `split` is "train"/"test"/"validation".
```

To solve this task, we need to encode the `images`, encode the `class label candidates with prompts` (e.g. "this is a dog pic", "this is a cat pic"), and compare them by calculating similarity, and then argmax out the class prediction for each image. We begin by implementing a model wrapper.

#### Model Wrapper

> See the [`EncoderProtocol`](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/models/encoder_protocol.py) for more details. The model class implements `encode()` and `similarity()` methods for text and image embeddings.

Reviewer: Yes

As an example, [`OpenCLIPWrapper`](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/models/model_implementations/openclip_models.py) is implemented with the required interface.
```python
class OpenCLIPWrapper:
    ...
```
See also [adding a model](../contributing/adding_a_model.md) for reference.

#### X Evaluator
With the model, [ZeroShotClassificationEvaluator](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/_evaluators/zeroshot_classification_evaluator.py) is implemented. This defines how the model is used to do zero-shot classification and get back results on desired metrics.
```python
class ZeroShotClassificationEvaluator(Evaluator):
    def __init__(
        self,
        dataset: Dataset,
        input_column_name: str,
        candidate_labels: list[str],
        task_metadata: TaskMetadata,
        hf_split: str,
        hf_subset: str,
        **kwargs,
    ) -> None:
        ...

    def __call__(self, model: Encoder, *, encode_kwargs: dict[str, Any] = {}):
        """Get embeddings and calculate scores."""
        ...
```

#### AbsTask X

> With the evaluator, [AbsTaskZeroShotClassification](https://github.com/embeddings-benchmark/mteb/blob/main/mteb/abstasks/zeroshot_classification.py) is defined. In MTEB v2, the dataset is loaded via `self.load_data()` and stored in `self.dataset` with the structure `self.dataset[hf_subset][split]` where `hf_subset` is the language/subset (e.g., "eng") and `split` is "train"/"test"/"validation".

Author: ```suggestion
With the evaluator, [AbsTaskZeroShotClassification](https://embeddings-benchmark.github.io/mteb/api/task/#mteb.abstasks.zeroshot_classification.AbsTaskZeroShotClassification) is defined. In MTEB v2, the dataset is loaded via `self.load_data()` and stored in `self.dataset` with the structure `self.dataset[hf_subset][split]` where `hf_subset` is the language/subset (e.g., "eng") and `split` is "train"/"test"/"validation".
```
